Edit alias_name_source explanation (#27382)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/auth/kubernetes.mdx

  cluster. If set with `bound_service_account_namespaces`, the conditions are `OR`ed.
- `audience` `(string: "")` - Optional Audience claim to verify in the JWT.
- `alias_name_source` `(string: "serviceaccount_uid")` - Configures how identity aliases are generated.
  Valid choices are: `serviceaccount_uid` and `serviceaccount_name`.
  

>   When `serviceaccount_uid` is specified, the machine generated UID from the service account
>   will be used as the identity alias name - this is the more secure option, and hence the
>   default and the recommended option.
> 
>   When `serviceaccount_name` is specified, the service account's namespace and name will be
>   used as the identity alias name e.g `vault/vault-auth`. If you can ensure strong controls
>   around the creation/deletion/access of your Kubernetes service accounts, and want more
>   control over how your Kubernetes service accounts map to Vault identities or the simplification
>   of setting the entity alias ahead of time of the Kubernetes service account creation, you may 
>   use `serviceaccount_name` where the risks of this are mitigated or acceptable given your use case. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When you specify `serviceaccount_uid`, Vault uses a machine generated UID from
  the service account as the identity alias name. Using a service account UID is
  both the default and the recommended method as it the more secure option.

  When you specify `serviceaccount_name`, Vault uses the name and namespace from
  the service account as the identity alias name (e.g., `vault/vault-auth`). You
  should only use `serviceaccount_name` if you consider the risk acceptable or
  can mitigate the risk with strong controls around the creation/deletion/access
  of your Kubernetes service accounts and need one of the following capabilities:

    1. fine-grained control over the mapping between Kubernetes service accounts
      and Vault identities.
    1. a simpler process for setting entity aliases before creating Kubernetes
      service account creation.
```

Style correction: write in active voice, make key information easier to scan
